# KnowledgeGraph-on-AtlasDataset
# Data 
The data were obtained from the Atlas1 dataset by Harvard’s Growth Lab. Atlas includes trade statistics for 250 countries and regions, divided into 20 goods categories and 5 service categories. In total, 6000 products are covered globally across the 25 categories. The raw trade data is collected from United Nations Statistical Division (COMTRADE) for goods, and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) for services. In this paper, we focus only on goods, which is described by two trade classification systems - Harmonized System (HS) 1992 and Standard International Trade Classification (SITC) revision 2. 	 

# Network Construction and Measures 
HS data provides detailed classification of goods and their trade volumes between countries between 1995 to 2018. It covers about 5000 goods across 10 sectors (Table 1). HS categories are broken down into 1-, 2-, 4-, and 6-digit detail levels. Each level provides data for goods at a finer granularity. For example, the 1-digit level, which is considered for the studies in this paper, describes the 10 sectors in Table 1. SITC data provides a longer time-series from 1962 to 2018 but has far lower goods coverage (only about 15% of goods covered by HS), since many goods were not invented yet or had significant trade volumes before the 1990s (an example being the personal computer or laptop).  SITC categories are also broken down into 1-, 2-, and 4- digit detail levels.  
The network construction used HS’s Country-Partner-Product-Year dataset with detailed level of 4-digits. In total, the combined file has 113738434 rows. We filtered the countries to only keep the ones that have data through all time periods, where 213 out of 250 locations were kept. For a specific product or a union of products, we built a undirected graph for each year with NetworkX2, constructing a node for each country involved in the trading of the selected products and a edge for import or export relation between two countries. 6 graph attibutes are calculated and compared through time periods (number of nodes, average degree, average coefficient, density, total number of triangles and diameter).  
